Add Python-like input() function to stdlib_io (#1116)
fortran-lang/stdlib: doc/specs/stdlib_io.md

{!example/io/example_get_file.f90!}
```

## `input` - Read user input with an optional prompt

### Status

Experimental

### Description

> Read a line of user input from standard input with an optional prompt, similar to Python's `input()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reads a line of user input from standard input with an optional prompt.
```

The prompt, if provided, is displayed on the same line as where the input will be entered.

### Syntax

`str =` [[stdlib_io(module):input(function)]] `([prompt] [, iostat])`

### Arguments

`prompt` (optional): Shall be a character expression containing the prompt text to display before reading input.
                     The prompt is displayed without a trailing newline, allowing input on the same line.
                     This argument is `intent(in)`.

`iostat` (optional): Shall be a scalar of type `integer` that receives the I/O status.
                     Zero indicates success, non-zero indicates an error or end-of-file condition.
                     This argument is `intent(out)`.
                     If not provided, an error will cause the program to stop.

### Return value

Returns a deferred-length allocatable character string containing the line read from standard input.
Trailing newline characters are automatically removed.

### Notes

- If no prompt is provided, the function will wait for user input without displaying any text.

> - Empty input (just pressing Enter) returns an empty string `""`.

Reviewer: what is the lenght of this string?
```suggestion
- Empty input (just pressing Enter) returns an empty string `""` of length equal to 0.
```
